BZ2014055: tang rekey verification procedure update (#39791)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nbde-rekeying-all-nbde-nodes.adoc

.Prerequisites

* `cluster-admin` access to all clusters with Network-Bound Disk Encryption (NBDE) nodes.

> * All Tang servers must be accessible to every NBDE node undergoing rekeying, even if a Tang server's keys have not changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* All Tang servers must be accessible to every NBDE node undergoing rekeying, even if the keys of a Tang server have not changed.
```
L10N: Avoid use of possessive.

Author: Changed.
